README.md, before:

# D479 Section A-D project page

This project page is to fufill part of task 1 for D479

## Timeline Items:

1. Check statistics of people returning vs new tourists, and average income of people visiting.
2. check the 'about the island' details
3. using the details between the two supplied documents, create seperate personas for new tourists, repeat tourists with opportunties for events like exotic weddings and honeymoons, opportunities for business, and plans for expansion for the island. 
4. Create wireframes for the different personas and pages
5. use social media forum board sites to do guerrilla usability testing, and recieve feedback
6. Use github to host interactive website for tanitian website, with properly cited documents.

I need to look at usability testing content to ensure that I have tasks available for people to test for task 2 as well.

## Section B: Persona Information:

User Persona -> [User Information](UserPersona.md)

For those taking vacations to the island, there are two major groups. Couples and families. Couples will have more income available to spend, compared to families, but having a decent number of families arrive on the island will still bring economic benefits to the island. 

For couples, a majority of them are arrving by air travel, if they are vacationing, and prefer a private house of beach house, which leads me to believe adding some private beach houses, or a group of beach houses as a private resort a bit further away from the airport along with some advertising of said private resort will lead to more people tempted to visit. For those that are on their honeymoons, adding amenities that will help them plan their weddings at the island, will lead to a large increase in tourism on the island. There is a split on the couples who visit the island who want to see local attractions at the island, so with a boost to wedding venue items, hopefully that would assist with an increase of tourism there. 


For families visiting the island, a majority of them wanted to see attractions on or around the island, and a majority of them came via cruise ships. Working with cruse ship companies to have families spend a couple days there, plus around the region would be a large economic boon to the economies of all the islands in the region. The issue being that families dont spend as much time on the island. If families are only spending 3-5 days on the island, and couples are spending 7-16 days on the island, the daily economic impact is larger for couples. There is a fallacy in only investing in couples only amenities though. Having family amenities would help bring couples back after they had families to the island as well. 

## Section C: Wireframe diagram:

Most of the pages will follow the same sort of wireframe design. This design: 

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/ethanbreck/WGUD479Task1/blob/master/Wireframes/Basic.png?raw=true" alt="Basic Page"/>.

The FAQ page will look similar to this: 

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/ethanbreck/WGUD479Task1/blob/master/Wireframes/FAQ.png?raw=true" alt="FAQ page"/>.

The site will flow similar to this: 

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/ethanbreck/WGUD479Task1/blob/master/Wireframes/flowchart.png?raw=true" alt="Flowchart of pages"/>.



## Section D: User testing:

Dusty: 
- Qualitative feedback - Colors could be more engaging (background too neutral)
    - Actionable - Adjust the color scheme to ensure proper engagement for the page. The tan background is too bland. 
- Qualitative feedback -  Website layout is decent, content wise
    - Unactionable - nothing needs to be changed 
- Qualitative feedback - The Q&A might be visually overwhelming. 
    - Actionable - Reduce the Q&A items, and include a contact form for any more minor questions

Erica: 
- Qualitative feedback - It took me a while to find the contact information
    - Actionable - Make the contact information more prominent and easier to locate, such as placing it in the header or footer. 
- Qualitative feedback -  The website doesn’t offer enough information about the services provided.
    - Actionable: Add more detailed descriptions and information about the services to give users a better understanding. 
- Qualitative feedback - Put local attractions before transportation and lodging
    - Actionable - Adjusting Page order might increase the odds of people deciding they want to come to the island. 

Josh:
- Qualitiative feedback - The reference photos attached were blurry
    - Actionable - upload the higher resolution images, add caching and image sizing based on device
- Qualitiative feedback - The color scheme blends together too much
    - Actionable - change color scheme
- Qualitative Feedback: The website doesn’t offer that much information about the services provided.
    - Actionable - ensure that information on each page has a decent amount of information for each of the pages


Link to prototype: [Prototype](index.html)

Commit message:

Finished up Task 1, getting ready to submit
Finished up the task, Uploading before submission

README.md, after:

# D479 Section A-D project page

This project page is to fufill part of task 1 for D479

## Timeline Items:

1. Check statistics of people returning vs new tourists, and average income of people visiting.
2. check the 'about the island' details
3. using the details between the two supplied documents, create seperate personas for new tourists, repeat tourists with opportunties for events like exotic weddings and honeymoons, opportunities for business, and plans for expansion for the island. 
4. Create wireframes for the different personas and pages
5. use social media forum board sites to do guerrilla usability testing, and recieve feedback
6. Use github to host interactive website for tanitian website, with properly cited documents.

I need to look at usability testing content to ensure that I have tasks available for people to test for task 2 as well.

## Section B: Persona overview: 

Attached in a seperate file, is a specific user persona. Below is a general overview of what the island nation might want to consider. 

For those taking vacations to the island, there are two major groups. Couples and families. Couples will have more income available to spend, compared to families, but having a decent number of families arrive on the island will still bring economic benefits to the island. 

For couples, a majority of them are arrving by air travel, if they are vacationing, and prefer a private house of beach house, which leads me to believe adding some private beach houses, or a group of beach houses as a private resort a bit further away from the airport along with some advertising of said private resort will lead to more people tempted to visit. For those that are on their honeymoons, adding amenities that will help them plan their weddings at the island, will lead to a large increase in tourism on the island. There is a split on the couples who visit the island who want to see local attractions at the island, so with a boost to wedding venue items, hopefully that would assist with an increase of tourism there. 


For families visiting the island, a majority of them wanted to see attractions on or around the island, and a majority of them came via cruise ships. Working with cruse ship companies to have families spend a couple days there, plus around the region would be a large economic boon to the economies of all the islands in the region. The issue being that families dont spend as much time on the island. If families are only spending 3-5 days on the island, and couples are spending 7-16 days on the island, the daily economic impact is larger for couples. There is a fallacy in only investing in couples only amenities though. Having family amenities would help bring couples back after they had families to the island as well. 

## Section C: Wireframe diagram:

Most of the pages will follow the same sort of wireframe design. This design: 

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/ethanbreck/WGUD479Task1/blob/master/Wireframes/Basic.png?raw=true" alt="Basic Page"/>.

The FAQ page will look similar to this: 

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/ethanbreck/WGUD479Task1/blob/master/Wireframes/FAQ.png?raw=true" alt="FAQ page"/>.

The site will flow similar to this: 

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/ethanbreck/WGUD479Task1/blob/master/Wireframes/flowchart.png?raw=true" alt="Flowchart of pages"/>.



## Section D: User testing:

Dusty: 
- Qualitative feedback - Colors could be more engaging (background too neutral)
    - Actionable - Adjust the color scheme to ensure proper engagement for the page. The tan background is too bland. 
- Qualitative feedback -  Website layout is decent, content wise
    - Unactionable - nothing needs to be changed 
- Qualitative feedback - The Q&A might be visually overwhelming. 
    - Actionable - Reduce the Q&A items, and include a contact form for any more minor questions

Erica: 
- Qualitative feedback - It took me a while to find the contact information
    - Actionable - Make the contact information more prominent and easier to locate, such as placing it in the header or footer. 
- Qualitative feedback -  The website doesn’t offer enough information about the services provided.
    - Actionable: Add more detailed descriptions and information about the services to give users a better understanding. 
- Qualitative feedback - Put local attractions before transportation and lodging
    - Actionable - Adjusting Page order might increase the odds of people deciding they want to come to the island. 

Josh:
- Qualitiative feedback - The reference photos attached were blurry
    - Actionable - upload the higher resolution images, add caching and image sizing based on device
- Qualitiative feedback - The color scheme blends together too much
    - Actionable - change color scheme
- Qualitative Feedback: The website doesn’t offer that much information about the services provided.
    - Actionable - ensure that information on each page has a decent amount of information for each of the pages



Part E is linked via a github page prototype. See attached link in submission area.

## Part F Object Usability test:

Here are the questions I'd ask users testing the functionality and content of the island.

- What kind of currency is used on the island?
- What kind of accomodations for travellers are available on the island?
- Are there other islands close by? How would you travel to other islands close by.
- What kind of food is available?
- What cultural items can be seen on the island region?

## Part G: Sources
Sources are linked on the website, but are also linked here in APA Rev. 7 format. 

- awcadwel. (2021, February 15). [Homemade] Fresh Tagliatelle, Butter Poached Lobster, Morel-Lobster Cream Sauce [Reddit Post]. R/Food. www.reddit.com/r/food/comments/lkot87/homemade_fresh_tagliatelle_butter_poached_lobster/
- Chensiyuan. (2006, May 14). File:Surf and turf (1).JPG - Wikipedia. https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Surf_and_turf_(1).JPG
- dancing Tahitian—Main. (2020, November 3). https://web.archive.org/web/20201103201239/http://dancingtahitan.weebly.com/
- mushy--. (2020, November 3). Another Lake Superior shot from Marquette, MI 😌 [Reddit Post]. R/GreatLakesPics. www.reddit.com/r/GreatLakesPics/comments/jn0tj8/another_lake_superior_shot_from_marquette_mi/
- Onionman775. (2024, September 1). Spent the last week camping on an island in Maine. Grilled local seafood every night. [Reddit Post]. R/Seafood. www.reddit.com/r/Seafood/comments/1f6evyv/spent_the_last_week_camping_on_an_island_in_maine/
- OReilly, P. (1977). La danse à Tahiti. Nouvelles éditions latines.
- Piacquadio, A. (n.d.). Man Holding Teacup Infront of Laptop on Top of Table Inside the Room. Pexels. Retrieved September 2, 2024, from https://www.pexels.com/photo/man-holding-teacup-infront-of-laptop-on-top-of-table-inside-the-room-925786/
- Rivaud, V. (n.d.). White Boats on Body of Water. Pexels. Retrieved September 2, 2024, from https://www.pexels.com/photo/white-boats-on-body-of-water-2265876/
- Skipperrutts. (2020, March 28). [Homemade] Spicy Miso Ramen with Duck [Reddit Post]. R/Food. www.reddit.com/r/food/comments/fqjug9/homemade_spicy_miso_ramen_with_duck/
- Straight_Spring9815. (2024, August 27). I do hvac and a customer caught wind its my birthday coming up. [Reddit Post]. R/Seafood. www.reddit.com/r/Seafood/comments/1f2lcn4/i_do_hvac_and_a_customer_caught_wind_its_my/
